Use catch2 for unittests (#3)
mixxxdj/libKeyFinder: README.md

> * Debian & Ubuntu: `$ sudo apt install libfftw3-dev`
> * macOS and homebrew: `$ brew install fftw`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fedora: `$ sudo dnf install fftw-devel catch-devel`
* Debian & Ubuntu: `$ sudo apt install libfftw3-dev`
* macOS and homebrew: `$ brew install fftw catch2`
```

Author: I split it into a different paragraph because it didn't fit with the sentence above.

> For the unittests, [catch2](https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2/) is also required and will be automatically downloaded by CMake if it's not already installed on the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the unit tests, [catch2](https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2/) is also required and will be automatically downloaded by CMake if it's not already installed on the system.
```

> Alternatively, it's possible disable building the unittests by passing `-DBUILD_TESTING=OFF` to CMake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, it's possible disable building the unit tests by passing `-DBUILD_TESTING=OFF` to CMake.
```
